update readme, changes, version (#137)
IBM/cloudant-kafka-connector: CHANGES.md

# 0.200.0 (2022-11-01)

- [FIXED] README and documentation have been extensively rewritten.
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Rename source connector. Properties files should be updated to
  use `connector.class=com.ibm.cloud.cloudant.kafka.SourceChangesConnector`.
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Rename sink connector. Properties files should be updated to
  use `connector.class=com.ibm.cloud.cloudant.kafka.SinkConnector`.
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Configuration parameters have changed for url, database, authentication, and last change sequence.
  See README for details.
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Source connector flatten, schema generation and omit design documents options have been replaced by
  message transforms. See README for details.

> - [BREAKING CHANGE] Source connector now emits `java.util.Map` (not `String`) record values by default. See README for

Reviewer: Did we agree on "event" as the correct Kafka terminology instead of "record"?

  details.

> - [BREAKING CHANGE] Source connector now emits `org.apache.kafka.connect.source.SourceRecord` (not `String`) record keys

Reviewer: Shouldn't this say it emits a `Struct`? (and event?)

>   by default. See README for details.

Reviewer: A little unsure about "by default" here, I guess valid in the sense that it can be transformed, but we don't provide any transforms for it like we do for the event values (where I guess this is copied from).

- [BREAKING CHANGE] Source connector now emits tombstone events for deleted documents.
  See [single message transforms](README.md#single-message-transforms) section in README for details.
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Converter support for sink connector has changed. See README for details.
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Preserve `_rev` field message values in sink connector.
  See [sink connector config](README.md#converter-configuration-sink-connector) section in README for more details.
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Semantics of `batch.size` configuration parameter changed: for sink connector this value no longer
  affects when `flush()` is called.
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Sink connector will correctly honour `errors.tolerance`, `errors.log.enable`,
  and `errors.deadletterqueue.topic.name` configuration parameters.
  See [the sample sink properties file](docs/connect-cloudant-sink-example.properties) for a recommended example of how
  to configure these to continue processing when non-fatal errors occur.

> - [BREAKING CHANGE] Rename jar from `kafka-connect-cloudant` to `cloudant-kafka-connector`.

Reviewer: The jar name isn't hugely relevant now with the folder based distribution, perhaps we should rework this line to accommodate that. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- [BREAKING CHANGE] Renamed from `kafka-connect-cloudant` to `cloudant-kafka-connector` and packaged as zipped directory instead of uber jar. See README for installation details.
```
